I'm really angry about something that
just came about today Marvel Studios
what's happening film friends David the
film junkie here breaking you finally
bringing you a freakin episode where hey
look at me there's my wall and
everything you like the new wall by the
way I figured that was a good way to
rate the movies that have really loved
you know I really loved him they're up
on the wall and of course i just added a
new one mr. mmm hugh jackman then is
that naked blue girl who I just love
anyways guys you're here for some movie
knowledge i'm gonna give you some movie
notch let's talk to movies alright
nothing really new and Batman vs
Superman except you know hey you got a
title I already did a video about it
dawn of justice you know what when I was
looking at it first off the subtitle
looks a little off center to me I don't
know what it means yeah yeah just some
of this little OCD like there I guess
and then I don't really like that they
took off the S it's just like Batman V
Superman and a lot of people are just
being really stupid uh it's I don't get
the internet I don't get people you know
people are saying oh man Superman's
getting second building and it's like
his thick wall we've been calling it
Batman vs Superman since the fucking
beginning shut up not to mention he's
Superman he doesn't ever gets Nick and
Billy ain't kidding me not to mention
just flows like that I've never seen it
that members Superman Superman vs Batman
Superman ability it just doesn't work
but dawn of justice I actually like that
subtitle because let's face facts this
is uh Justice League prequel so of
course we're I have a feeling in the
movie that Batman is gonna act more like
the Nick Fury you know when the Avengers
world I think he's gonna have tabs and
all the other superheroes because he's
fucking Batman that's just my thoughts
let me know what you think I want to
know what you think about the title to I
mean some of you have already commented
on the video but hey I want to talk
about again do so ok Marvel fuck studios
oh my god this this this news just
breaks my heart and it pisses me off at
same time obviously next year we get
Avengers 2 which i'm looking forward to
but there was another movie that i was
actually kind of looking forward to more
because it involved one of my favorite
directors right now and a funny comedic
actors one of my favorite actors ant-man
okay so be directed by Edgar Wright
which if you don't know who that is he
directed he directed the
cornetto trilogy that involves shaun of
the dead hot fuzz in the world's in if
you guys have been keeping up with my
videos and you saw my best of 2013 the
world 10 was my favorite movie of last
year he's also done like scott pilgrim
vs the world which was fantastic to has
a cult following people love that movie
and he was set to freaking bring ant-man
to the big screen and i thought it was
perfect because of such an outlandish
superhero needs an outlandish director
to make it work and it would have worked
perfectly but now it turns out that mr.
Edgar Wright has dropped out of ant-man
and I'm willing to bet Marvel Studios
has a lot to do with this I think
they're getting a little cocky honestly
and they're being I mean you don't
understand how long Edgar Wright has
been working on this he's been wanting
to do ant-man for years okay and then
he's been seriously doing this project
for the past year he did test footage
that they showed off a comic con which
is fantastic and everybody's going home
ant-man can work look at that because
the test footage was great if you
haven't seen it maybe I'll find and put
it down below but I get lazy sometimes
so it's probably not gonna be down there
and my guess is that Edgar Wright was
just going to bring his own style his
own energy because he has so much energy
he knows how to mix practical effects
and CG effects and you know has had a
mixing comedy with action so perfectly
in the fast cuts fuckers over at Marvel
Studios was like now no not now we gotta
keep it looked it good Cuban like yeah
they probably went back and forth and
Edgar Wright's one of those guys just
don't take shit from people because he
makes his own fucking movies the way he
wants to make his own fucking movie and
then he dropped out of it I feel sorry
for the guy I honestly feel sorry for
the guy cuz this is this was like going
to be a passion project firm I think
because he's been wanting to do this
project and I've been wanting him to
bring a superhero to the big screen so I
am so disappointed on this so looking
forward ant-man now I'm like oh let me
know you think though i'm just i'm just
ranting and i'm so disappointed in this
and i know its yeah sequels and prequels
Star Wars Episode 7 that's right it's
begun shooting in Dubai and JJ Abrams
wants you to be in Star Wars Episode 7
oh no not you he wants me damn it I
gotta go no he wants fans have a chance
TV in Star Wars Episode seven I think
he's still doing this whole charity con
testing I'll have the article down below
you can see the video you also see a
Tatooine alien anyone just kind of
scrolls up and pretty little funny
little thing they got going on oh yeah
he wants you to be a part of it so check
the article and check all that stuff and
that's all the movie news I have for you
today make sure you hit that like thumbs
up button if you'd be so kind subscribe
to my channel if you have not already
and please visit films ok calm for your
latest movie news trailers and him
reviews alright guys i am david the film
junkie and I brought you some movie news
you can find on your own but i found a
for you and told you about it you're
welcome horrible what is I mean I
seriously could not believe the news
it's like you had the perfect director
to bring this crazy superhero to the big
screen after I just did so it's it's you
know there's a chance that it might not
suck still but there I'm just gonna
watch it going wow this movie would have
been so much better and Greg is in that
tricky man I'm gonna go cry now guys
talk to you later